{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f0\fnil Times-Roman;\f1\ftech Symbol;\f2\fswiss Helvetica;\f3\fmodern Ohlfs;}
\paperw16220
\paperh15620
\margl120
\margr0
\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\ql\fs24\fi0\li0\gray0\fc0\cf0\up0\dn0 Copyright 
\f1 ã
\f0  1997 by Mark Probst. All Rights Reserved.  \

\fs16 \
\
\

\f2\b\fs56\li2100 ServerConnection
\b0 \

\fs16 \
\
\
\
\

\pard\tx4880\b\fs28\fi-2780\li4880\fc0\cf0 Inherits From:
\f0\b0 	NSObject\

\f2\b Declared In:
\f0\b0 	ServerConnection.h\

\pard\fs16\li1360\fc0\cf0 \
\
\
\

\f2\b\fs36 Class Description
\b0 \

\fs16 \

\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\f0\fs28\li2100\fc0\cf0 ServerConnection forms a connection to a robot server which must run on the same machine. \

\pard\fs16\li1360\fc0\cf0 \
\
\
\

\f2\b\fs36 Method Types
\b0 \

\fs16 \

\pard\tx6140\f0\fs28\fi-4040\li6140\fc0\cf0 Creating and deallocating	
\f1 -
\f0  initForGameWithName:\
	
\f1 -
\f0  dealloc\

\fs16 \

\fs28 Communicating with the server	
\f1 -
\f0  writeRequest:\
	
\f1 -
\f0  readResponse\

\fs16 \

\fs28 Querying attributes	
\f1 -
\f0  timeInTicks\

\pard\fs16\li1360\fc0\cf0 \
\
\
\

\f2\b\fs36 Instance Methods
\b0 \

\fs16 \

\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\b\fs28\li2100\fc0\cf0 dealloc
\b0 \

\f0\fs8 \

\pard\tx3240\f1\fs28\fi-760\li3240\fc0\cf0 -
\f0  (void)
\b dealloc
\b0 \

\fs16 \

\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\fs28\li2100\fc0\cf0 Frees all memory occupied by the receiver. \

\fs16 \
\
\

\f2\b\fs28 initForGameWithName:
\b0 \

\f0\fs8 \

\pard\tx3240\f1\fs28\fi-760\li3240\fc0\cf0 -
\f0  (id)
\b initForGameWithName:
\b0 (NSString*)
\i name
\i0 \

\fs16 \

\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\fs28\li2100\fc0\cf0 Initializes the connection and connects to the robot server which hosts a game with the 
\i name
\i0  name. \

\fs16 \
\
\

\f2\b\fs28 readResponse
\b0 \

\f0\fs8 \

\pard\tx3240\f1\fs28\fi-760\li3240\fc0\cf0 -
\f0  (Response*)
\b readResponse
\b0 \

\fs16 \

\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\fs28\li2100\fc0\cf0 Reads a response from the server.  You should not invoke this method directly. \

\fs16 \
\
\

\f2\b\fs28 timeInTicks
\b0 \

\f0\fs8 \

\pard\tx3240\f1\fs28\fi-760\li3240\fc0\cf0 -
\f0  (int)
\b timeInTicks
\b0 \

\fs16 \

\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\fs28\li2100\fc0\cf0 No method description. \

\fs16 \
\
\

\f2\b\fs28 writeRequest:
\b0 \

\f0\fs8 \

\pard\tx3240\f1\fs28\fi-760\li3240\fc0\cf0 -
\f0  (void)
\b writeRequest:
\b0 (Request*)
\i theRequest
\i0 \

\fs16 \

\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\fs28\li2100\fc0\cf0 Sends the request 
\i theRequest
\i0  to the server.  You should not invoke this method directly. \

}
